No rest. For more than 24 hours, the search for Julen has been going on without respite.. The 2-year-old boy fell into a well in Totalán, in Málaga.. The hours pass, the rescue teams fight against the clock and look for new options in a steep terrain and with risk of landslides underground. Good evening. We start this Telediario, there, at the place of the rescue.. What are the options to find Julen? What are the options to find Julen? Work is being carried out on 3 fronts to remove the sand that is blocking the prospecting well.. Digging in 2 shafts, digging in 2 shafts, and opening on the side of the mountain.. The objective is to rescue the little one
The draft budget arrives at the Congress. They are the accounts with more public spending since 2010. They emphasize more items for social programs, against child poverty or dependency, and also the increase of investments in Catalonia. The government needs, among others, the support of the Catalan pro-independence supporters, who for now maintain their NO to the budgets, although from the national executive more optimistic voices are heard.. Basque pensioners have been protesting for a year now to demand improvements in pensions. Today, as every Monday, have returned to the streets of Bilbao. The Government will have to ask again for a credit of 15,000 million to pay pensions in 2019
The family of Laura Sanz Nombela, who died in Paris due to a gas explosion, hopes to repatriate her body this coming Wednesday. We have spoken with her father, who is in France with his son-in-law and told us that they felt abandoned in the first hours after the accident. The Civil Guard is searching in an area of volcanic caves difficult to access the body of the young woman who disappeared in Lanzarote, Romina Celeste.. Her husband is being held in connection with her death although he maintains that he did not kill her, that they only argued and that she was found dead on New Year's Eve.
Little sleep increases the risk of cardiovascular disease by up to 27 percent.. This is the conclusion of a 10-year study by the National Center for Cardiovascular Disease.
And a news item from this very afternoon that we are keeping a close eye on: A train derailed this afternoon near Torrijos in Toledo without causing any injuries.. The train had left Cáceres bound for Madrid.. The 33 passengers have been transferred to the capital in another train.. Traffic on the track between Madrid and Extremadura has been interrupted.. Renfe has organized an alternative transport by bus for the affected passengers
15 days before the big gala of the Goya Awards, the first award has already been given today. The appointment is next February 2 in Seville, but today, here in Madrid, at the Teatro Real, the big party of those called the Goya Awards. Only one of them will get his statuette today.. Chicho Ibáñez Serrador wins the Honorary Goya Award for a lifetime dedicated to horror films. And in sports Nadal wins in Australia, Sergio
That image is what you see from the surface That image is what you see from the surface and this is what you don't see. This is the structure of the well. That image is what you see from the surface and this is what you don't see. This is the structure of the well
